yes basically channels every four times a look value
Percent but we have seen investors say we want that
physically
and then we just imagine the car on one
the ham Marquez is being built
yes and I want to have done with my life
relatively quickly, anyone can identify gold so Manegold Mans in the
Hand the cm Freller deeply clear on the hand in the truest sense of the word
that even with percent of Chen solution would be vulnerable to quickly check
whether that's good or not
Percent over it probably in that one still so little value that it is
Value to fake
Percent relatively expensive little worthwhile
like right now
Once they are in a position to give them Munster in their hands
Percent to identify is the platinum palladium or silver
Experts would probably already
but the market woman percent who sells us for early school leavers
So not for use as real money than as a final money
Comfort is not just gold and silver in question
that's why we put the other 2 aside
similar with diamonds
there are always many who could come to us then why does he not have any diamonds then
would not be able to score a good one out of the bad diamonds
then probably most of the others can not be different
because gold is the final currency for us
that also the position we do not touch at all for training purposes
East is in the portfolio, yes that's it
we have principle so a little more so short Abs
yes so really speculated then so a little different
that is the gold of the little man, but of course there is industry
Percentage demand there there are considerations about the right GoSee
Range shot are now at 45
and we should not do that anymore with 18 leagues and silver in relation to the
Eco and the mountain earth crust occurs yes you have to go every now and then
a little more than he in
Yields we have just made with the silver
that was a wonderful upward movement and who in this
Upturn as trading position i farm act
but the guide has come close
meanwhile we have come back clearly and then this one
also superior to one or the other position to increase